docs/bitbucket.md, before:

#  Bitbucket Repository Configuration

Traduttore supports both private and public Git repositories hosted on [Bitbucket.org](https:/bitbucket.org).

Mercurial repositores are not supported at this time. If you want to use Traduttore with Mercurial repositories, please [open an issue in our bug tracker](https://github.com/wearerequired/traduttore/issues).

## Repository Access

Traduttore connects to Bitbucket via either HTTPS or SSH to fetch a project's repository. If you're projects are not public, you need to make sure that the server has access to them by providing an SSH key. Ideally, you'd create a so-called [machine user](https://developer.github.com/v3/guides/managing-deploy-keys/#machine-users) for this purpose.

You can learn more about this at [Connecting to GitHub with SSH](https://help.github.com/articles/connecting-to-github-with-ssh/)

## Webhooks

To enable automatic string extraction from your Bitbucket projects, you need to create a new webhook for each of them.

1. In your repository, go to Settings -> Webhooks. You might need to enter your password.
2. Click on "Add webhook".
3. Set `https://<url-to-your-glotpress-site>.com/wp-json/traduttore/v1/incoming-webhook` as the payload URL.
5. Enter and remember a secret key.
6. Keep "Repository push" as the trigger.

Now, every time you push changes to Bitbucket, Traduttore will get notified and then attempts to update the project's translatable strings automatically.

**Note:** The `TRADUTTORE_BITBUCKET_SYNC_SECRET` constant needs to be defined in your `wp-config.php` file to enable webhooks. Use the secret from step 5 for this.

Check out the [Configuration](configuration.md) section for a list of possible constants.

Commit message:

Update docs for Bitbucket
Only Bitbucket Server (self-managed) supports webhook secrets

docs/bitbucket.md, after:

#  Bitbucket Repository Configuration

Traduttore supports both private and public Git repositories hosted on [Bitbucket.org](https:/bitbucket.org).

Mercurial repositores are not supported at this time. If you want to use Traduttore with Mercurial repositories, please [open an issue in our bug tracker](https://github.com/wearerequired/traduttore/issues).

## Repository Access

Traduttore connects to Bitbucket via either HTTPS or SSH to fetch a project's repository. If you're projects are not public, you need to make sure that the server has access to them by providing an SSH key. Ideally, you'd create a so-called [machine user](https://developer.github.com/v3/guides/managing-deploy-keys/#machine-users) for this purpose.

You can learn more about this at [Connecting to GitHub with SSH](https://help.github.com/articles/connecting-to-github-with-ssh/)

## Webhooks

To enable automatic string extraction from your Bitbucket projects, you need to create a new webhook for each of them.

1. In your repository, go to Settings -> Webhooks. You might need to enter your password.
2. Click on "Add webhook".
3. Enter a descriptive title and set `https://<url-to-your-glotpress-site>.com/wp-json/traduttore/v1/incoming-webhook` as the URL.
5. Make sure the `Status` is "Active"
6. Keep "Repository push" as the trigger.

Now, every time you push changes to Bitbucket, Traduttore will get notified and then attempts to update the project's translatable strings automatically.

**Note:** If you're using *Bitbucket Server*, you can optionally define a secret that should be sent with each request in the webhook settings. For this to work the `TRADUTTORE_BITBUCKET_SYNC_SECRET` constant needs to be defined in your `wp-config.php` file with the same secret.

Check out the [Configuration](configuration.md) section for a list of possible constants.
