docs/cli.md, before:

# CLI Commands

Traduttore requires [WP-CLI](https://wp-cli.org/) 2.0 or newer to be installed on the server.

You can define `TRADUTTORE_WP_BIN` in your `wp-config.php` file to tell Traduttore where the WP-CLI executable is. The default is `wp`.

## Generate language packs

Create ZIP files containing the translations for all translation sets of a project.

```bash
wp traduttore build <project>
```

Language packs will automatically be updated when the translations change. This WP-CLI command is mostly for debugging / testing. Use the `--force` flag to force ZIP file generation, even if there were no changes since the last build.

## Update translations from GitHub

Update a project's translatable string from a GitHub repository.

Pulls the latest changes from GitHub, extracts translatable strings and imports them into GitHub.

```bash
wp traduttore update <project|repository_url>
```

Use the `--delete` flag to first delete the existing local repository.

## Clearing the cached Git repository

Traduttore pulls the remote Git repository from GitHub and uses that for importing translatable strings.

If this local repository somehow gets broken, you can remove it via WP-CLI as follows:

```bash
wp traduttore cache clear <project|repository_url>
````

## Show various details about the environment

There's a command to print some helpful debug information about Traduttore.

This includes things like the plugin version and path to the cache directory.

```bash
wp traduttore info
```

Commit message:

Allow building language packs for multiple or all projects (#109)
Adds an `--all` flag to the build command as well as the possibility to pass more than one project.

Fixes #104.

docs/cli.md, after:

# CLI Commands

Traduttore requires [WP-CLI](https://wp-cli.org/) 2.0 or newer to be installed on the server.

You can define `TRADUTTORE_WP_BIN` in your `wp-config.php` file to tell Traduttore where the WP-CLI executable is. The default is `wp`.

## Generate language packs

Generate language packs for one or more projects.

```bash
wp traduttore project build <project>
```

Language packs will automatically be updated upon translation changes.

This WP-CLI command is mostly useful for debugging / testing.

Use the `--force` flag to force ZIP file generation, even if there were no changes since the last build.

## Update translations from remote

Updates project translations from source code repository.

Pulls the latest changes, extracts translatable strings and imports them into GlotPress.

```bash
wp traduttore project update <project|repository_url>
```

Use the `--delete` flag to first delete the existing local repository.

## Clearing the cached source code repository

Removes the cached source code repository for a given project.

Useful when the local repository was somehow corrupted.

```bash
wp traduttore cache clear <project|repository_url>
````

## Show various details about a project

There's a command to print some helpful debug information about a given project.

This includes things like the text domain and repository URLs.

```bash
wp traduttore project info <project|repository_url>
```


## Show various details about the environment

There's a command to print some helpful debug information about Traduttore.

This includes things like the plugin version and path to the cache directory.

```bash
wp traduttore info
```
